======================================
 Brewing Log specification
======================================

Description
-----------
This program facilitates loggin of production data into a PDF
for automatic reporting

Requirements
------------

Functional Requirements:

  * Provide a timer with Start, Stop, and Reset Buttons; 
    display of timer update when running.
  * Allow all relevant, valid data to be entered,
    as per the data dictionary.
  * automatically timestamp an input and log it onto screen 
    to follow production.
  * Append entered data to a PDF file:
    - The PDF file must have a filename of
    production_CURRENTDATE.pdf, where CURRENTDATE is the date
    of the production in ISO format (Year-month-day).
    - The PDF file must include all fields.
    listed in the data dictionary.
    - The PDF headers will avoid cryptic abbreviations.
  * Enforce correct datatypes per field.
  * have inputs that:
    - ignore meaningless keystrokes
    - display an error if the value is invalid on focusout
    - display an error if a required field is empty on focusout
  * prevent saving the record when errors are present

Non-functional Requirements:

  * Enforce reasonable limits on data entered, per the data dict.
  * Auto-fill data to save time.
  * Suggest likely correct values.
  * Provide a smooth and efficient workflow.
  * Store data in a format easily understandable by Python.

Functionality Not Required
--------------------------

The program does not need to:

  * Allow editing of data.
  * Allow deletion of data.

Users can perform both actions in editor of choosing.


Limitations
-----------

The program must:

  * Be efficiently operable by keyboard-only users.
  * Be accessible to color blind users.
  * Run on Debian GNU/Linux.
  * Run acceptably on a low-end PC.

Data Dictionary
---------------
+------------+--------+----+---------------+---------------------+
|Field       | Type   |Unit| Valid Values  |Description          |
+============+========+====+===============+=====================+
|Input       |String  |    |               |Comment to be logged |
+------------+--------+----+---------------+---------------------+
|Log         |String  |    |               |Autogenerated        |
|            |        |    |               |timestamp + comment  |
+------------+--------+----+---------------+---------------------+

